the two main symptoms of coronavirus to
look out for are a continuous dry cough
and/or a fever
if you're sneezing a lot got a runny
nose or a headache you may be ill but
you've probably not got coronavirus so
how high a fever is a coronavirus one
and what exactly is a continuous dry
cough well it's when you cough and
there's no mucous or phlegm basically no
gooey substance in your tissue and this
is not the odd cough here and there it
has to be puffing regularly for no other
reason such as clearing your throat or
smoking so how high a fever is a
coronavirus fever well if you have one
you will know about it technically it's
a body temperature of more than thirty
seven point eight degrees Celsius or a
hundred degrees Fahrenheit but if you've
not got a thermometer basically you will
feel hot and your chest and back would
be hot if someone touched you if you
have either of these symptoms then you
need to stay at home for seven days and
if you live with other people they need
to stay at home for at least 14 days but
if your symptoms get worse or they don't
go away if you live in the UK then you
need to contact the online NHS
one-one-one coronavirus service if you
live abroad then call your local
healthcare provider
you